Treat record structs as records (#2009)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/objectgraphs.md

### Value Types

> To determine whether Fluent Assertions should recurs into an object's properties or fields, it needs to understand what types have value semantics and what types should be treated as reference types. The default behavior is to treat every type that overrides `Object.Equals` as an object that was designed to have value semantics. Anonymous types, records, record structs and tuples also override this method, but because the community proved us that they use them quite often in equivalency comparisons, we decided to always compare them by their members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 determine whether Fluent Assertions should recurs into an object's properties or fields, it needs to understand what types have value semantics and what types should be treated as reference types. The default behavior is to treat every type that overrides `Object.Equals` as an object that was designed to have value semantics. Anonymous types, `record`s, `record struct`s and tuples also override this method, but because the community proved us that they use them quite often in equivalency comparisons, we decided to always compare them by their members.
```

Reviewer: This should work

Otherwise we have to add this to the ignore word list

Reviewer 2: @jnyrup missed that one? :)

> To determine whether Fluent Assertions should recurs into an object's properties or fields, it needs to understand what types have value semantics and what types should be treated as reference types. The default behavior is to treat every type that overrides `Object.Equals` as an object that was designed to have value semantics. Anonymous types, records, record structs, readonly record structs and tuples also override this method, but because the community proved us that they use them quite often in equivalency comparisons, we decided to always compare them by their members.

Reviewer 3: As with the other comment, I don't think mentioning `readonly` applies here. 
How about just expanding the umbrella term into "record classes" and "record structs".

```suggestion
To determine whether Fluent Assertions should recurs into an object's properties or fields, it needs to understand what types have value semantics and what types should be treated as reference types. The default behavior is to treat every type that overrides `Object.Equals` as an object that was designed to have value semantics. Anonymous types, record classes, record structs and tuples also override this method, but because the community proved us that they use them quite often in equivalency comparisons, we decided to always compare them by their members.
```

   options => options.ComparingByValue<IPAddress>());
```

> For records, record structs and readonly record structs this works like this:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For records and record structs this works like this:
```
